aicode/minicli/README.md, before:

# MiniCLI

MiniCLI is a cross-platform (Windows/Linux) lightweight coding CLI inspired by Claude Code.  
The project is developed in small runnable increments, with task-driven execution and strict test updates.

## Current Status
- Repository is in early scaffold stage.
- Planning and task breakdown are already defined.
- Implementation follows `tasks/T01.md` to `tasks/T40.md`.

## Project Documents
- `AGENTS.md`: repository rules and agent workflow requirements.
- `IMPLEMENTATION_PLAN.md`: architecture and phased implementation plan.
- `Plans.md`: live development plan and task status board.
- `Tests.md`: per-task test method and result records.
- `tasks/INDEX.md`: task index.
- `tasks/CHECKLIST.md`: executable checklist for each task round.

## Task-Driven Workflow
Use the following pattern for execution:

1. Read `Plans.md` and target task file (for example `tasks/T01.md`).
2. Implement feature scope and test scope from that task file.
3. Run required tests and verify acceptance criteria.
4. Update `Plans.md` at task round end.
5. If successful, update `Tests.md` in the same round.

Trigger convention:
- Input `go tasks/TXX.md` means implement the corresponding task feature and tests.

## Coding and File Rules
- All code files must use UTF-8 encoding.
- All code files must use LF line endings.
- All edited code files must remove trailing whitespace.

## Planned Milestones
- M1: Foundation and single-turn chat (`T01-T10`)
- M2: Session persistence (`T11-T16`)
- M3: Slash completion core (`T17-T21`)
- M4: Guarded tool execution (`T22-T25`)
- M5: Context management (`T26-T32`)
- M6: Full command set (`T33-T37`)
- M7: Packaging and CI (`T38-T40`)

## Suggested Next Step
Start with:
- `tasks/T01.md`

Then proceed sequentially while keeping `Plans.md` and `Tests.md` updated.

## Development Commands
- `npm install`: install local dependencies
- `npm run build`: compile TypeScript to `build/`
- `npm run typecheck`: run TypeScript type checks without emitting files
- `npm run test:unit`: run unit tests
- `npm run test:integration`: run integration tests
- `npm test`: run all tests

## Windows UTF-8 Notes
If Chinese text appears garbled in Windows PowerShell, apply UTF-8 settings below.

Temporary (current session only):

```powershell
chcp 65001 > $null
[Console]::InputEncoding  = [System.Text.UTF8Encoding]::new($false)
[Console]::OutputEncoding = [System.Text.UTF8Encoding]::new($false)
$OutputEncoding           = [System.Text.UTF8Encoding]::new($false)
```

Persist for future sessions (PowerShell profile):

```powershell
if (!(Test-Path $PROFILE)) { New-Item -ItemType File -Path $PROFILE -Force | Out-Null }

@'
chcp 65001 > $null
[Console]::InputEncoding  = [System.Text.UTF8Encoding]::new($false)
[Console]::OutputEncoding = [System.Text.UTF8Encoding]::new($false)
$OutputEncoding           = [System.Text.UTF8Encoding]::new($false)
'@ | Add-Content -Path $PROFILE
```

Verify:

```powershell
"中文 UTF-8 检查：初始化 CLI 工程骨架"
Get-Content .\\Plans.md -TotalCount 20
Get-Content .\\Tests.md -TotalCount 20
```

Commit message:

:construction: feat(minicli): implement T39 esbuild+pkg release artifacts with packaging tests

aicode/minicli/README.md, after:

# MiniCLI

MiniCLI is a cross-platform (Windows/Linux) lightweight coding CLI inspired by Claude Code.  
The project is developed in small runnable increments, with task-driven execution and strict test updates.

## Current Status
- Repository is in early scaffold stage.
- Planning and task breakdown are already defined.
- Implementation follows `tasks/T01.md` to `tasks/T40.md`.

## Project Documents
- `AGENTS.md`: repository rules and agent workflow requirements.
- `IMPLEMENTATION_PLAN.md`: architecture and phased implementation plan.
- `Plans.md`: live development plan and task status board.
- `Tests.md`: per-task test method and result records.
- `tasks/INDEX.md`: task index.
- `tasks/CHECKLIST.md`: executable checklist for each task round.

## Task-Driven Workflow
Use the following pattern for execution:

1. Read `Plans.md` and target task file (for example `tasks/T01.md`).
2. Implement feature scope and test scope from that task file.
3. Run required tests and verify acceptance criteria.
4. Update `Plans.md` at task round end.
5. If successful, update `Tests.md` in the same round.

Trigger convention:
- Input `go tasks/TXX.md` means implement the corresponding task feature and tests.

## Coding and File Rules
- All code files must use UTF-8 encoding.
- All code files must use LF line endings.
- All edited code files must remove trailing whitespace.

## Planned Milestones
- M1: Foundation and single-turn chat (`T01-T10`)
- M2: Session persistence (`T11-T16`)
- M3: Slash completion core (`T17-T21`)
- M4: Guarded tool execution (`T22-T25`)
- M5: Context management (`T26-T32`)
- M6: Full command set (`T33-T37`)
- M7: Packaging and CI (`T38-T40`)

## Suggested Next Step
Start with:
- `tasks/T01.md`

Then proceed sequentially while keeping `Plans.md` and `Tests.md` updated.

## Development Commands
- `npm install`: install local dependencies
- `npm run build`: compile TypeScript to `build/`
- `npm run release:build`: bundle with `esbuild` and package win/linux binaries with `pkg` into `dist/`
- `npm run typecheck`: run TypeScript type checks without emitting files
- `npm run test:unit`: run unit tests
- `npm run test:integration`: run integration tests
- `npm test`: run all tests

## Windows UTF-8 Notes
If Chinese text appears garbled in Windows PowerShell, apply UTF-8 settings below.

Temporary (current session only):

```powershell
chcp 65001 > $null
[Console]::InputEncoding  = [System.Text.UTF8Encoding]::new($false)
[Console]::OutputEncoding = [System.Text.UTF8Encoding]::new($false)
$OutputEncoding           = [System.Text.UTF8Encoding]::new($false)
```

Persist for future sessions (PowerShell profile):

```powershell
if (!(Test-Path $PROFILE)) { New-Item -ItemType File -Path $PROFILE -Force | Out-Null }

@'
chcp 65001 > $null
[Console]::InputEncoding  = [System.Text.UTF8Encoding]::new($false)
[Console]::OutputEncoding = [System.Text.UTF8Encoding]::new($false)
$OutputEncoding           = [System.Text.UTF8Encoding]::new($false)
'@ | Add-Content -Path $PROFILE
```

Verify:

```powershell
"中文 UTF-8 检查：初始化 CLI 工程骨架"
Get-Content .\\Plans.md -TotalCount 20
Get-Content .\\Tests.md -TotalCount 20
```
